###Starfinder AP Spells


###Spells

##TEST
#Test									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:																						CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:Touch						TARGETAREA:																											DURATION:Instantaneous											SAVEINFO:None							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:-	DESC:Dies ist ein Test|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #2:Temple of the Twelve
Carnivorous									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:transmutation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:personal						TARGETAREA:Self																											DURATION:1 minute/level											SAVEINFO:None							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #2:Temple of the Twelve pg. 51	DESC:Your mouth expands to twice its normal size,and fills with rows of razor-sharp teeth, giving you a bite attack. This attack is treated as an attack with a basic melee weapon with the operative special quality for purposes of proficiency and Weapon Specialization and for other abilities that function with basic melee operative weapons. You can make this attack without using any limbs and when pinned.The attack deals 1d4 piercing damage. At 7th level, the damage increases to 2d4. At 10th level, it increases to 2d8. At 14th level, it increases to 3d8. At 16th level, it increases to 4d8. At 18th level, it increases to 5d8. At 20th level, it increases to 10d8.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Viral Destruction							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:Necromancy																		CASTTIME:1 reaction			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]					TARGETAREA:one newly dead creature; see text																											DURATION:Instantaneous; see text											SAVEINFO:Will negates, see text							SPELLRES:Yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #2:Temple of the Twelve pg. 51	DESC:You can cast this spell only immediately after a creature in range dies. On its next turn in the initiative order, the corpse stands up [if applicable; this does not require a move action], can take a single move action to move up to its speed, and makes a single attack using the weapons and bonuses it had when alive [though it can’t use class features, spell-like abilities, or spells]. You can choose the target of the affected creature’s attack or allow the target corpse to select a target entirely at random. If the target of this spell was friendly or helpful toward you in life, the spell works automatically; otherwise, the corpse can attempt a Will saving throw to negate this spell, as if the creature were still alive.After making its attack, the creature that you have targeted with viral destruction falls and is dead as normal. However, if this attack kills the affected creature’s target or if it knocks it unconscious, that target must succeed at a Will saving throw [using the spell’s DC] or be subject to viral destruction and make a single attack on its next turn before returning to its normal dead or unconscious state. If the secondary target of viral destruction is merely unconscious and becomes conscious again before its next action, that creature is freed from the viral destruction effect and the spell ends. Each attack caused by this spell can transfer the viral destruction effect to its target if that target is knocked unconscious or killed by the attack, until the spell has affected a number of creatures equal to your mystic level.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #10:The Diaspora Strain
Nightmare									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:illusion [mind-affecting]														CASTTIME:10 min			RANGE:plane					TARGETAREA:One living creature																											DURATION:Instantaneous											SAVEINFO:Will negates							SPELLRES:Yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #10:The Diaspora Strain pg. 53	DESC:You precisely identify a target, such as by name or via a material connection like a personal possession or lock of its hair. The spell fails without expending a spell slot if the target isn’t asleep or in a resting state similar to sleep. If you’ve never met the target in person and lack a material connection to the target, the target gains a +5 bonus to the saving throw. If the spell works, the target remains resting for 1 minute, then has a nightmare, rouses, and becomes frightened for 2d6 rounds. The target can’t willingly reenter the affected resting state for 1 hour. To do so after this time has elapsed, the target must succeed at the saving throw again. If this save fails, the target can try again once per hour thereafter. After 24 hours have passed, this restless state ends. |!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Paranoia									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:illusion [mind-affecting]														CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]					TARGETAREA:One Creature																											DURATION:1 round/level [D]											SAVEINFO:Will negates							SPELLRES:Yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #10:The Diaspora Strain pg. 53	DESC:The target treats all other creatures as enemies and only itself as an ally. It must attempt attacks of opportunity whenever any creature provokes them. In addition, the target is shaken while adjacent to more than one creature.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Shadow Body									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:Transmutation [polymorph, shadow]												CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:personal						TARGETAREA:Self																											DURATION:1 minute/level [D]											SAVEINFO:None							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #10:The Diaspora Strain pg. 53	DESC:You transform the matter of your body and any objects you carry or wear into the essence of the Shadow Plane. You are visible as an unattached shadow in bright light or normal light, but you gain total concealment in dim light or darkness [reduced to concealment against creatures that have darkvision]. Your body and gear are incorporeal, but you can’t fly or pass through solid objects or creatures, and your gear can’t be removed from you or used by anyone. You can move at your normal speed along any surface, including horizontal and vertical surfaces and liquids, and difficult terrain doesn’t slow you. However, you can’t attack physically or manipulate objects. You can speak, cast spells that require no items to cast, and perform mental actions. If you can use spells that have a range of touch and such a spell requires an attack roll, you target EAC. If you lose consciousness, you and your gear return to your natural form.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #12:Heart of Night
Borrow Corruption							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:transmutation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:Touch						TARGETAREA:One willing creature																											DURATION:1 round/level [D]											SAVEINFO:None							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #12:Heart of Night pg. 53	DESC:You touch a willing creature with at least one manifestation from corruption and expend 2 Resolve Points. If you do so, you temporarily gain any stains and gifts that corruption grants to the target, and the target retains them. If a gift you gain has limited uses, you can use the gift only by expending 1 Resolve Point for each use.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Gloom Mote									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation, shadow]													CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. +10 ft./level]						TARGETAREA:a mote of darkness																											DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:None							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #12:Heart of Night pg. 53	DESC:You draw forth the energy of the Shadow Plane and form it into a floating mote of gloom. The mote creates dim light in a 5-foot radius. It also lowers the light level within 20 feet of it by one step, down to dim. As a move action, you can move the mote up to 60 feet in any direction. The mote winks out if the distance between you and it exceeds the spell’s range. You can have only one gloom mote spell active at a time. If you cast this spell while another gloom mote of yours is still in effect, the previous casting is dispelled.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Shadow Jump									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [shadow, teleportation]												CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]						TARGETAREA:you and touched objects																											DURATION:concentration, 1 round + 1 round/3 levels [D]											SAVEINFO:none, Will negates [object]							SPELLRES:no, yes [object]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #12:Heart of Night pg. 53	DESC:Your body forms a connection to the Shadow Plane, allowing you to teleport through it, rather than the Astral Plane, with ease. While this spell is active, as a move action, you can teleport to any area of dim light or darkness you can see within range. If you leave a threatened space, you have concealment [20% miss chance] against any foe that makes an attack of opportunity against you.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Slithering Chain							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [summoning]															CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]					TARGETAREA:a chain [or chains] sharpened at one end																											DURATION:Instantaneous											SAVEINFO:Will partial, see text							SPELLRES:No					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #12:Heart of Night pg. 53	DESC:You call forth a chain from the Shadow Plane, causing it to burst out from the ground and attempt to hinder a target within the spell’s range. The chain attempts a trip combat maneuver against the target; its attack bonus is equal to your base attack bonus + your key ability score modifier + 4. If the chain successfully trips the target, that target must attempt a Will saving throw or become shaken for 1d4 rounds.You can cast this spell as a full action. If you do, you summon two chains instead of one. Each chain attempts its combat maneuver separately and they must attack two different targets within the spell’s range.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Umbral Tendrils								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:illusion [shadow]																CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]					TARGETAREA:20-ft.-radius spread																											DURATION:1 round + 1 round/3 levels [D]											SAVEINFO:Will half, see text							SPELLRES:Yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #12:Heart of Night pg. 53	DESC:You summon a vision of a writhing mass of shadowy tendrils to assault creatures within 10 feet of the ground in the area. This area is difficult terrain. The first time a creature enters the area [including when the effect appears] on its turn, and each round the creature remains there, the creature takes 4d6 bludgeoning damage and becomes entangled. If the tendrils are in dim light or darkness, the DC of the Will save increases by 2. A creature that succeeds at a Will saving throw halves the damage it takes and avoids becoming entangled. The same casting of this spell can’t render such a creature entangled again. By succeeding at subsequent saves, such a creature reduces damage it takes from the same casting of the spell to one-quarter normal.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #16:The Blind City
Dimensional Anchor							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:abjuration																		CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]					TARGETAREA:One creature or object																											DURATION:1 minute/level											SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:Yes [object]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #16:The Blind City pg. 55	DESC:You fire a ray at the target, making a ranged attack against its EAC. On a hit, the target is covered in a shimmering field that prevents planar travel. The target can’t be affected by any effect that causes the target to move extradimensionally or to another plane, such as teleportation, summoning, plane shifting, astral travel, ethereal travel, and so on. An affected starship can’t enter or emerge from Drift travel.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Alien Archive 3
Mind Swap									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [compulsion, mind-affecting]											CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:medium						TARGETAREA:one creature																										DURATION:1 hour/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates							SPELLRES:yes					SOURCEPAGE:Alien Archive 3 pg. 137	DESC:Your mind moves into the target’s body, and its mind moves into yours. You do not need line of sight or line of effect to the target if you know its location. Each target gains the mind-swapped template graft. You can maintain the swap at any range on the same plane. You can shift back to your body as a standard action, and doing so ends the spell. If your new body is killed, you return to your body and the target dies. If your body is killed, you can remain in the host’s body for the duration or until it is killed. Then, you die if your body is still dead. However, if you recast this spell, you can reset the duration you remain in the target’s body. You can cast this spell from a body that is not your own, swapping minds with a new target and resetting the spell’s duration. However, you can return only to your body.If a creature saves against your casting of this spell, it is immune to your casting of this spell for 24 hours.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible
Burning Ash Cloud									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation, fire]												CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]						TARGETAREA:20-ft.-radius spread																										DURATION:1 round/level										SAVEINFO:see text;							SPELLRES:no					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible pg. 53	DESC:You conjure forth a cloud of smoke and burning embers that billows out from the point you designate. The cloud obscures all sight, including darkvision beyond 5 feet. The area counts as a smoke hazard, except a creature within the cloud has total concealment [50% miss chance, and the attacker can’t use sight to locate the target] against their attackers. In addition, the embers within the cloud deal 2d6 points of fire damage to creatures ending their turns within the cloud.A moderate wind [11+ mph] disperses the cloud in 4 rounds; a strong wing [21+ mph] or stronger disperses the cloud in 1 round. This spell doesn’t function underwater or in a vacuum.
Emberstep									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation [fire]																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:personal																																DURATION:1 round/level	[D]																SPELLRES:no					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible pg. 53	DESC:For the duration of this spell, you leave behind a trail of faintly burning embers in any square that you move through. These embers have no effect except for providing dim light in those squares. The embers disappear at the start of your next turn. As a reaction to another creature moving into a square of embers, you can ignite that square, causing flames to leap up and burn that creature. The affected creature takes 5d6 points of fire damage [Reflex half], and gains the burning condition for 1d4 points of fire damage on a failed Reflex save. In addition, that square no longer contains embers.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Pyre Wreath									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:abjuration																		CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]						TARGETAREA:one creature																										DURATION:1 hour/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates [harmless];							SPELLRES:yes [harmless]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible pg. 53	DESC:This spell creates a circle of three fist-sized orbs of flame around the target creature. The orbs increase the light level by one step within a 10-foot-radius of the target. Anytime the target of the spell takes fire damage from an attack or spell, they can spend a reaction to have one of the orbs absorb the blow. That orb disappears and the amount of fire damage is reduced by 5. The orbs cannot be used to absorb fire damage that comes from a continuous or natural environmental effect, such as walking in lava or damage from the burning condition. The spell ends when all three orbs are expended in this manner.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Read the Flames								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																		CASTTIME:10 minutes					RANGE:personal																																DURATION:24 hours													SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible pg. 53	DESC:While casting this spell, you must focus on a semi-controlled flame [such as one produced by a lighter or a weapon with the flaming weapon fusion], centering your mind and analyzing the blaze’s movements for subtle patterns that describe the underlying fundamentals of the universe. Once during the spell’s duration, you can center yourself as a standard action [this is a purely mental action] to remember your time spent scrutinizing the flame, choosing one of the benefits below. When the chosen effect ends, so does the spell.Mental Clarity:At some point during the next 10 minutes, you can reroll one skill check with a +4 circumstance bonus.Physical Clarity:You gain a +4 circumstance bonus to EAC and KAC until the end of your next turn.Spiritual Clarity:You can immediately attempt a new saving throw against any mind-affecting effect currently affecting you.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge 
Battlemind Link, Lesser						TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination [mind-affecting]														CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:30 ft.						TARGETAREA:two creatures																										DURATION:1 minute/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates [harmless]							SPELLRES:yes [harmless]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge pg. 45	DESC:You form a temporary psychic link between two creatures that allows them to act almost as one. While this spell is active, the two targets each roll initiative in combat and use the higher die result between them before adding modifiers. This spells also grants each target a +2 enhancement bonus to initiative rolls. This spell ends if the targets are ever more than 200 feet apart or if either target is unconscious or helpless.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Battlemind Link								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination [mind-affecting]														CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:60 ft.						TARGETAREA:two creatures																										DURATION:10 minute/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates [harmless]							SPELLRES:yes [harmless]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge pg. 45	DESC:You create a strong temporary psychic link between two creatures that allows them to act almost as one. This spell works like lesser battlemind link, but the enhancement bonus to initiative rolls is +4, and the spell ends if the targets are more than 500 feet apart, rather than 200 feet apart. In addition, if the targets threaten the same enemy, they are considered to be flanking that foe regardless of their actual positions. When one of the targets hits a foe with a ranged attack, they can, as a reaction, apply the effects of covering fire or harrying fire against that foe for the other target of this spell. Finally, each target gains a +4 enhancement bonus to attacks of opportunity if they both attack the same creature due to the same triggering action on that creature’s part.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Biotic Shroud								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation]															CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:personal																															DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge pg. 45	DESC:You conjure forth a mantle of organic, insectile nanites that encircle you. The density of the swarm provides you with partial concealment [20% miss chance] against ranged attacks. Any creature that makes a successful melee attack against you takes 2d6 piercing damage, although you can allow anyone to touch you without them taking damage, for instance to deliver a beneficial touch spell. As a move action, you cause the nanites to cling tightly to you, granting you a fly speed of 20 feet with clumsy maneuverability as an extraordinary ability. When using the shroud to fly, you have no concealment due to it, and it cannot harm creatures that successfully attack you in melee. You can return the nanites to their protective configuration as a move action.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Biotic Taclash, Lesser						TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation]															CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:0 ft.						TARGETAREA:living taclash																										DURATION:1 minute/level [D]	; see text											SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge pg. 45	DESC:You conjure a taclash made of organic, insectile nanites into your grasp. The created weapon functions as a standard taclash with the living weapon special property. You are considered to be proficient with this taclash, and you add 1-1/2 times your caster level to damage rolls with it in place of your Weapon Specialization bonus. In addition, the weapon has the nauseate critical hit effect.The biotic taclash functions only for you, and once you create it, you can neither drop it nor be disarmed of it. As a move action, you can stow the biotic taclash, causing its component nanites to discorporate into individual nanobots that disperse over your body but remain while the spell lasts. During that time, you can cause the nanites to reincorporate to form the weapon again by taking another move action.As a reaction when you strike a target with the biotic taclash, you can dismiss the spell to cause the weapon to discorporate into its component nanites, which then swarm over the target. The target must succeed at a Fortitude save or be nauseated for 1 round.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Biotic Taclash								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation]															CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:0 ft.						TARGETAREA:living taclash																										DURATION:1 minute/level [D]	; see text											SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge pg. 45	DESC:This spell functions as lesser biotic taclash, except that the created weapon is considered to be a magic weapon, deals 4d4 slashing damage, and functions as a level 10 item. In addition, when you dismiss the spell as a reaction when striking a target, that target must succeed at a Fortitude save or take the weapon's damage again and become nauseated for 1d3+1 rounds.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #22:The Forever Reliquary
Mind of Three						TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [mind-affecting]																	CASTTIME:1 standard action		RANGE:personal																													DURATION:1 hour/level [D]												SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #22:The Forever Reliquary pg. 52	DESC:You split your mind, retaining your normal consciousness but gaining two other personas. These personas are nearly identical to your original personality, but each emphasize a different aspect of your personality. Your divided personas are aware of and can psychically communicate with one another, allowing them to coordinate their efforts and assist each other. At any point during the spell’s duration, you can focus a persona on assisting with a task, granting you one of the following abilities. A persona granting one of these abilities doesn’t take an action, but it causes that persona to merge with your normal consciousness, disappearing. When the two additional personas are reintegrated, the spell ends. When you fail a saving throw against a mind-affecting effect, you can compartmentalize it within one persona. If you do so, you are unaffected. When you fail an Intelligence-, Wisdom-, or Charisma-based skill check, you can reroll it. When you fail a caster level check, you can reroll it.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds
Akashic Download								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:personal																																DURATION:2 minutes [see text]														SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 50	DESC:You do a cosmic search of the Akashic Record for information about a topic. Your tier 0 or better computer [such as a comm unit] instantly compiles snippets and selections from various media relevant to the subject. The information remains for 2 minutes, during which you explore it. Once you’re finished, you can attempt one skill check to recall knowledge on the topic with a +4 divine bonus, and you can do so untrained if the DC is 20 or lower. On a failed skill check, the GM can select some small insight into the topic that you retain. All the information you downloaded from this spell then disappears back to the Akashic Record. Using this spell doesn’t prevent you from doing further research using a downloaded data set or library chip, but perusing this magical download can’t be done concurrently with such study.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Akashic Revival									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [mind-affecting]													CASTTIME:1 hour						RANGE:personal																															DURATION:24 hours										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 50	DESC:You create perfect documentation of your physical body in the Akashic Record at the time the spell is cast, allowing you to later recall this record and reconstruct your body as it was when you cast this spell. The record of your body includes your current Stamina Points, Hit Points, augmentations, physical ability scores, and any enduring negative physical states [including ability damage or drain to physical ability scores, disease, negative levels, poison, and so on]. Any effect that was affecting you when you cast this spell to store your record continues with its normal duration, so that effect might expire between the time you store your record and when you later recall it. To recall your record, either you must die due to events other than old age or, if you are at 0 Hit Points, you can instead allow your body to perish by spending 3 Resolve Points. If either of these things occurs, you can claim your record as your new physical body at the start of your next turn. Your corpse disappears. Then, you instantly reappear, standing in your recorded body in the corpse’s space and wearing your gear. If you cannot appear in that space, you appear as close to it as you can. You retain your mind as it was at the time of your body’s death, so you regain no expended spells, Resolve Points, or uses of special abilities. Any mental effects affecting you or mental ability damage present at the time of your death persist in your new body. Casting this spell again replaces any previous record of yourself with a new one—you can store only one copy of yourself in the Akashic Record.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Bilocation										TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:conjuration [creation]														CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:personal																															DURATION:1 minute/level [D]													SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:The spell creates an identical copy of you in an adjacent space, along with everything you wear and carry other than artifacts. [If you carry an artifact, you decide which body retains it.] You exist in two places at once until the spell ends. Once the copy is created, it can travel an unlimited distance away from you. Your duplicate acts just after you do each round—it doesn’t have a separate initiative count. One of you can use a full round’s worth of actions, and the other can take only a standard or a move action. Between the two of you, you can cast only one spell per round—unless you have a special ability that allows you to cast more than one spell when you have no duplicate, such as the quickened spell magic hack. You and your duplicate share sensory information, so if one of you is aware of or knows something, both of you do. The duplicate is another creature for most purposes, with the following exceptions. You and the duplicate use the same statistics and share resources, including one pool of consumable items [including ammo], daily-use abilities [including from items] and spell slots, Hit Points, Resolve Points, and Stamina Points. If your duplicate casts a spell, your spell is expended, and if your duplicate uses a consumable item, that item is no longer available to you. Similarly, if an item one of you carries is permanently lost or destroyed, that item is lost or destroyed for both. Attacks, spells, and effects affect the two bodies as though they were one person, taking the worst effect applicable. For example, if both bodies are in the same explosive blast, you attempt the saving throw only once and take the damage only once. If you fail the saving throw against hold person, both bodies are paralyzed, and if one body catches a disease, both do. Both bodies count as one creature for spell effects, and they can’t be chosen more than once for such effects. Any magical effect on you has its duration halved while you’re bilocating. For example, the aforementioned hold person loses 2 rounds of duration each round it paralyzes you and your duplicate. Similarly, if you cast resistant armor on yourself, your duplicate is also affected, and the spell has a duration of 5 minutes per level. An effect that has its duration shortened in this way lasts a minimum of 1 round. In addition, if you attempt a skill check to recall knowledge, you roll only one check. Similarly, if you and your duplicate are in the same area, you roll only one Perception check to determine what you’re both aware of, although you receive a +2 bonus to this check as if your duplicate aided you on it. When this spell ends, you decide which body remains and which disappears. Any enduring effects continue to affect you. |!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 1)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 1st:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 1st-level spell, each projectile deals 2d6 damage on a hit. |!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 2)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 2nd:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 2nd-level spell, each projectile deals 4d6 damage on a hit.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 3)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 3rd:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 3rd-level spell, each projectile deals 7d6 damage on a hit.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 4)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 4th:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 4th-level spell, each projectile deals 10d6 damage on a hit.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 5)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 5th:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 5th-level spell, each projectile deals 13d6 damage on a hit. A struck target is also entangled for 1 round.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 6)					TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:up to two creatures that are no more than 30 ft. apart from each other					SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes														DURATION:instantaneous										SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 51	DESC:You fling psychic material, called ectoplasm, at the target, making a ranged attack against its KAC and dealing bludgeoning damage. Each projectile in the barrage has the knockdown critical hit effect. In addition, ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures. 6th:When you cast ectoplasmic barrage as a 6th-level spell, each projectile deals 15d6 damage on a hit. A struck target is also entangled for 1d4 rounds.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Eruption							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]											TARGETAREA:30-ft.-radius burst																											DURATION:1 round/level											SAVEINFO:Reflex half, see text							SPELLRES:yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:Swirling psychic matter, known as ectoplasm, erupts from a point you choose. Those in the area take 6d6 bludgeoning damage. Those who fail the Reflex saving throw are entangled for the spell’s duration. The ectoplasm extends to the Ethereal Plane, so it affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures and objects. Such a creature entangled in the eruption is forced to partially materialize, so it cannot enter or pass through solid objects, takes half damage from nonmagical kinetic attacks, and takes full damage from magic and energy weapons, spells, spell-like effects, and supernatural effects. It reacts as a material creature to non-damaging spells.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ektoplasmic Snare								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation																	CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]																																DURATION:concentration, up to 1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Reflex partial, see text						SPELLRES:yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:You launch a writhing tendril of ectoplasm to snare a creature. Make a ranged attack roll against your target’s EAC. If you hit, the target can attempt a Reflex save. On a successful save, the target is entangled for the duration. If the target fails, it is grappled and takes 2d6 bludgeoning damage each round it remains so. If the target escapes the grapple, it remains entangled for the duration. While the target remains grappled, you can move it up to 15 feet each time you concentrate on the spell. If the distance between you and the target ever exceeds the spell’s range, the snare disappears. This spell affects ethereal and incorporeal creatures.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Ego Whip										TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [emotion, mind-affecting]										CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]											TARGETAREA:one creature																											DURATION:1 round/level											SAVEINFO:Will partial							SPELLRES:yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:You overwhelm your opponent’s ego, diminishing its sense of self, hope, and confidence. The target takes a –2 penalty to Intelligence-, Wisdom-, and Charisma-based checks; its spell save DCs; and its Will saving throws. In addition, the target is staggered for the duration. A successful initial Will save reduces the duration to 1 round.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Etheric Shards									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:evocation [force]															CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:medium [100 ft. + 10 ft./level]											TARGETAREA:one 10-ft. cube/level																										DURATION:1 hour/level [D]											SAVEINFO:Reflex partial or Reflex negates, see text							SPELLRES:no					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:You harden ethereal matter into interplanar blades that are invisible to those who cannot see into the Ethereal Plane. Movement through an area of etheric shards is halved, even for incorporeal creatures, and creatures entering a 5-foot cube filled with etheric shards take 1d8 slashing damage and must succeed at a Reflex saving throw or gain the bleeding 1 condition. The damage from this bleeding stacks with itself and other sources of bleeding. A creature that remains motionless within the area takes no damage, but such a creature is flat-footed unless it moves enough to defend itself, which forces it to take damage and attempt a saving throw. Etheric shards are a magical trap. A creature trained in Mysticism and within 30 feet of the area can attempt a DC 35 Perception check to sense the shards. The shards cannot be disabled, but they can be dispelled.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Id Insinuation									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [compulsion, mind-affecting]										CASTTIME:1 standard action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]											TARGETAREA:up to one creature/4 levels, no two of which can be more than 30 ft. apart																									DURATION:concentration + 1 round											SAVEINFO:Will negates							SPELLRES:yes					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:By invading targets with your psychic presence, you isolate parts of their minds, preventing them from functioning in a coherent manner. Targets who fail their save are confused for the duration. Each round, a target rolls twice to determine their behavior due to the confused condition, and you choose which result applies.!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Intellect Fortress								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:abjuration																	CASTTIME:1 reaction					RANGE:20 ft.																	TARGETAREA:20-ft.-radius spherical emanation centered on you																									DURATION:1 round											SAVEINFO:none							SPELLRES:yes [harmless]					SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds pg. 52	DESC:When you or a creature within range is subjected to a mind‑affecting effect while this spell is active, you disrupt it with the power of pure logic. Mind-affecting effects deal only half damage—including ability score damage—to creatures in the area, before any reduction due to successful saves or other effects. When a creature within the area succeeds at a saving throw against an emotion or fear effect, they are not affected by that effect, even if that effect would have a partial effect on a successful saving throw. Ongoing emotion and fear effects are also suppressed for creatures within the area.!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell

#Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery
Alter Corpse									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:necromancy																	CASTTIME:1 standart action			RANGE:touch																																DURATION:instantaneous										SAVEINFO:none									SPELLRES:no				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:You cause a corpse to change to suit a narrative you choose. This spell can hide or create clues about how the corpse ended up in its current state, from closing wounds to evaporating chemicals in the cadaver’s system. However, the changes cannot be major, such as removing or restoring a limb, or stripping flesh from the skeleton. The spell is also unable to change the corpse’s identity. Anyone who examines the corpse can attempt a Perception check [DC = 10 + your caster level] to notice that the corpse’s condition [or lack thereof] seems manipulated, but success doesn’t allow the observer to determine what the corpse looked like before this spell was cast. Closely examining the corpse with a successful Medicine check [DC = 15 + your caster level] not only reveals what a successful Perception check does, but also reveals what the corpse looked like before this spell was cast.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Build Trust										TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 standart action			RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One Creature																				DURATION:1/day level; see text										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:You get a sense of the best way to interact with the target to encourage positive regard toward you. You gain a +2 circumstance bonus to Charisma checks, Charismabased skill checks, and Sense Motive checks you attempt when interacting with the target. In addition, when you fail a Charisma check or Charisma-based skill check when interacting with the target, you can reroll the check as a reaction. However, if you attempt the reroll, the target receives a new saving throw against the spell. Taking hostile action against the target automatically ends the spell.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Glimpse of Truth								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 standart action			RANGE:personal																								DURATION:1 round													SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:[NOT YET IMPLEMENTED]This spell functions as true seeing, except as noted above.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Hack Wetware (Level 2)							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One living Creature																				DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:If the target fails its saving throw, you form a link between their mind and a computer you touch at the time of casting, allowing you to hack their brain as if it were a computer to examine or manipulate memories and implant suggestions. Each round this spell is active and you are within range of the target, you can take a standard action to attempt a Computers check to hack their brain and gain certain information, depending on the level of the spell. For the purposes of this spell, a living mind has a tier equal to one-half the target’s level or CR [minimum 1] and has an alarm countermeasure that immediately alerts the target creature if you fail a Computers check, allowing them an immediate additional Will saving throw to end the spell. When you cast hack wetware as a 2nd-level spell, you can hack the target’s mind to gain general access to their thoughts, fears, and desires. If you are successful, you gain access to one of the following:the target’s current surface thoughts, the target’s most pressing current fear, or the target’s most pressing current desire. On following rounds, you can attempt additional Computers checks to learn other pieces of information.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Hack Wetware (Level 3)							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One living Creature																				DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:If the target fails its saving throw, you form a link between their mind and a computer you touch at the time of casting, allowing you to hack their brain as if it were a computer to examine or manipulate memories and implant suggestions. Each round this spell is active and you are within range of the target, you can take a standard action to attempt a Computers check to hack their brain and gain certain information, depending on the level of the spell. For the purposes of this spell, a living mind has a tier equal to one-half the target’s level or CR [minimum 1] and has an alarm countermeasure that immediately alerts the target creature if you fail a Computers check, allowing them an immediate additional Will saving throw to end the spell. When you cast hack wetware as a 3rd-level spell, it functions like the 2nd-level casting of the spell, but you can also hack the target’s mind to gain deeper access to their secrets and memories. Such information is partitioned behind a mental firewall, which increases the DC to access it by 2 or the target’s Wisdom modifier, whichever is greater. If you are successful, you gain access to a single piece of secret information the target knows [such as a passcode or the location of a hidden panel] or a specific memory [which can be no longer than 1 minute]; a memory shows exactly what the target experienced from their perspective, so it might lack context. You can save the information or memory to your computer to retrieve later.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Hack Wetware (Level 4)							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One living Creature																				DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:If the target fails its saving throw, you form a link between their mind and a computer you touch at the time of casting, allowing you to hack their brain as if it were a computer to examine or manipulate memories and implant suggestions. Each round this spell is active and you are within range of the target, you can take a standard action to attempt a Computers check to hack their brain and gain certain information, depending on the level of the spell. For the purposes of this spell, a living mind has a tier equal to one-half the target’s level or CR [minimum 1] and has an alarm countermeasure that immediately alerts the target creature if you fail a Computers check, allowing them an immediate additional Will saving throw to end the spell. When you cast hack wetware as a 4th-level spell, it functions like the 3rd-level casting of the spell, but you can also hack the target’s mind to send it false sensory data. If you are successful, you can determine the sights, sounds, and smells the brain receives, creating an illusion only the target can perceive, similar to a 4th-level holographic projection spell. The target can attempt a new saving throw when it interacts with these impressions to recognize them as false, but this doesn’t immediately end the effect. The impressions last for as long as the spell does, but you must attempt additional Computers checks to alter them in subsequent rounds.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Hack Wetware (Level 5)							TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One living Creature																				DURATION:1 round/level [D]										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:If the target fails its saving throw, you form a link between their mind and a computer you touch at the time of casting, allowing you to hack their brain as if it were a computer to examine or manipulate memories and implant suggestions. Each round this spell is active and you are within range of the target, you can take a standard action to attempt a Computers check to hack their brain and gain certain information, depending on the level of the spell. For the purposes of this spell, a living mind has a tier equal to one-half the target’s level or CR [minimum 1] and has an alarm countermeasure that immediately alerts the target creature if you fail a Computers check, allowing them an immediate additional Will saving throw to end the spell. When you cast hack wetware as a 5th-level spell, it functions like the 4th-level casting of the spell, but you can also hack the target’s mind to implant a subconscious command that can be activated at a later time. If you are successful, you can state a course of activity similar to that of a suggestion spell and a trigger, such as a static image or a code phrase. This ends the hack wetware spell, but the subconscious command remains in the target’s brain for a number of days equal to your technomancer level. The next time the target perceives the trigger, it performs the suggested course of action as best it can if it fails another Will saving throw. For every 5 your Computers check exceeded the DC, the target takes a cumulative –2 penalty to this saving throw. The command can be triggered only once.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Memory Lapse									TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:enchantment [mind-affecting]													CASTTIME:1 move action				RANGE:close [25 ft. + 5 ft./2 levels]												TARGETAREA:One living Creature																				DURATION:instantaneous										SAVEINFO:Will negates									SPELLRES:yes				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:You inspire a moment of confusion that causes a creature to forget what occurred over the last round if it fails its saving throw. If you have failed a skill check against that target since the beginning of your last turn, you can attempt that check again without a penalty [if you have the appropriate number of actions remaining], or simply avoid the normal consequences of that failed skill check. If the target was in the middle of a task that requires longer than a single round to accomplish, it must begin again. If you target a creature casting a spell with a casting time of 1 round or longer, they must attempt a second Will save to continue casting the spell or the spell fails. A creature you have injured in the last hour gains a +4 circumstance bonus to its Will saving throw.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Meticulous Match								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:divination																	CASTTIME:10 minutes					RANGE:touch																			TARGETAREA:two objects																				DURATION:instantaneous										SAVEINFO:Fort negates [object]									SPELLRES:yes [object]				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 45	DESC:You compare two similar items and know if they are identical to one another or not. The spell can indicate an identical match, a categorical match, or no match. For instance, blood samples are identical if they are from the same creature. They are categorical if they are from the same species. No match exists if the blood samples are from different species or if one sample is stage blood. Alternatively, you can compare dissimilar items and know if they have a potential relationship. For instance, you can compare a creature’s tooth against a bite mark and know whether that creature could have caused the bite mark. This spell is fallible. An identical match can result from comparing items that are duplicates of one another. For instance, a knife might have an identical match with a stab wound if an identical knife was used to inflict the wound. Identical twins might have identical blood or tissues.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell
Prowling Junkbut								TYPE:Spell					SCHOOL:transmutation																CASTTIME:1 round					RANGE:touch																			TARGETAREA:1 bulk of inert electronic equipment																				DURATION:1 minute/level										SAVEINFO:none									SPELLRES:no				SOURCEPAGE:Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery pg. 53	DESC:This spell functions as the handy junkbot spell, but instead creates a stealthy drone that can investigate and spy, transmitting what it sees back to you. A prowling junkbot is Tiny, its EAC and KAC are each equal to 12 + your caster level, and it has a number of Hit Points equal to one tenth of your own [but no Stamina Points]. It has a land speed and a climb speed of 30 feet. It can accomplish all tasks described in the Computers, Perception, Sleight of Hand, and Stealth skills, as well as the disable device task of Engineering, is considered trained in those skills, and has a total skill bonus in each equal to 3 + your caster level. A prowling junkbot is treated as if it were using a hacker’s kit when using the Computers skill and an engineering kit when using the Engineering skill. A prowling junkbot has low-light vision and darkvision with a range of 60 feet, and it telepathically transmits everything it sees and hears to you or a computer terminal you touch as part of the original casting of the spell. Images and sound transmitted to a terminal can be recorded.|!PRERULE:1,DisplayFullSpell


###Class Spell Lists###

#Test.MOD													CLASSES:Technomancer=

#Starfinder #2:Temple of the Twelve
Carnivorous.MOD												CLASSES:Mystic=1
Viral Destruction.MOD										CLASSES:Mystic=3

#Starfinder #10:The Diaspora Strain
Nightmare.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=3
Paranoia.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=2
Shadow Body.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=5

#Starfinder #12:Heart of Night
Borrow Corruption.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=4
Gloom Mote.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=1
Shadow Jump.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=4
Slithering Chain.MOD										CLASSES:Mystic=1
Umbral Tendrils.MOD											CLASSES:Mystic=3

#Starfinder #16:The Blind City
Dimensional Anchor.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=4
Dimensional Anchor.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=4

#Alien Archive 3
Mind Swap.MOD												CLASSES:Mystic=6

#Starfinder #18:Assault on the Crucible
Burning Ash Cloud.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=3
Emberstep.MOD												CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=2
Pyre Wreath.MOD												CLASSES:Mystic=1
Read the Flames.MOD											CLASSES:Mystic=4

#Starfinder #20:The Last Refuge 
Battlemind Link, Lesser.MOD									CLASSES:Mystic=1
Battlemind Link.MOD											CLASSES:Mystic=5
Biotic Shroud.MOD											CLASSES:Technomancer=4
Biotic Taclash, Lesser.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer=2
Biotic Taclash.MOD											CLASSES:Technomancer=4

#Starfinder #22:The Forever Reliquary
Mind of Three.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=3

#Starfinder #23:Hive of Minds
Akashic Download.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer, Witchwarper, Mystic=1
Akashic Revival.MOD										CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=6
Bilocation.MOD											CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=6
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 1).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=1
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 2).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=2
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 3).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=3
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 4).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=4
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 5).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=5
Ektoplasmic Barrage (Level 6).MOD						CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=6
Ektoplasmic Eruption.MOD								CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=4
Ektoplasmic Snare.MOD									CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=2
Ego Whip.MOD											CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=2
Etheric Shards.MOD										CLASSES:Technomancer, Witchwarper, Mystic=3
Id Insinuation.MOD										CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=3
Intellect Fortress.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer, Mystic=3

#Starfinder #25:The Chimera Mystery
Alter Corpse.MOD										CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=2
Build Trust.MOD											CLASSES:Witchwarper, Mystic=1
Glimpse of Truth.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer, Witchwarper, Mystic=3
Hack Wetware (Level 2).MOD								CLASSES:Technomancer=2
Hack Wetware (Level 3).MOD								CLASSES:Technomancer=3
Hack Wetware (Level 4).MOD								CLASSES:Technomancer=4
Hack Wetware (Level 5).MOD								CLASSES:Technomancer=5
Memory Lapse.MOD										CLASSES:Mystic=1
Meticulous Match.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer, Witchwarper, Mystic=3
Prowling Junkbut.MOD									CLASSES:Technomancer=4
